                         A PRINCE OF SWINDLERS




This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online at
http://www.gutenberg.org/license. If you are not located in the United
States, you’ll have to check the laws of the country where you are
located before using this ebook.



Title: A Prince of Swindlers
Author: Guy Boothby
Release Date: May 23, 2017 [EBook #54771]
Language: English
Character set encoding: UTF-8


*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK A PRINCE OF SWINDLERS ***




Produced by Al Haines.





                               *A PRINCE*

                                  *OF*

                              *SWINDLERS*


                                   BY

                              GUY BOOTHBY



                            ARTHUR WESTBROOK
                                COMPANY
                       CLEVELAND, OHIO, U. S. A.




                  Copyright, 1907, by Bainbridge Cayll




                              *CONTENTS.*


                               CHAPTER I.

A Criminal in Disguise


                              CHAPTER II.

The Den of Iniquity


                              CHAPTER III.

The Duchess of Wiltshire’s Diamonds


                              CHAPTER IV.

How Simon Carne Won the Derby


                               CHAPTER V.

A Service to the State


                              CHAPTER VI.

A Visit in the Night


                              CHAPTER VII.

The Man of Many Crimes


                             CHAPTER VIII.

An Imperial Finale




                        *A PRINCE OF SWINDLERS*



                              *CHAPTER I.*

                       *A CRIMINAL IN DISGUISE.*


After no small amount of deliberation, I have come to the conclusion
that it is only fit and proper I should set myself right with the world
in the matter of the now famous 18--swindles.  For, though I have never
been openly accused of complicity in those miserable affairs, yet I
cannot rid myself of the remembrance that it was I who introduced the
man who perpetrated them to London society, and that in more than one
instance I acted, innocently enough, Heaven knows, as his _Deus ex
machinâ_, in bringing about the very results he was so anxious to
achieve.  I will first allude, in a few words, to the year in which the
crimes took place, and then proceed to describe the events that led to
my receiving the confession which has so strangely and unexpectedly come
into my hands.

Whatever else may be said on the subject, one thing at least is
certain--it will be many years before London forgets that season of
festivity.  The joyous occasion which made half the sovereigns of Europe
our guests for weeks on end, kept foreign princes among us until their
faces became as familiar to us as those of our own aristocracy, rendered
the houses in our fashionable quarters unobtainable for love or money,
filled our hotels to repletion, and produced daily pageants the like of
which few of us have ever seen or imagined, can hardly fail to go down
to posterity as one of the most notable in English history. Small
wonder, therefore, that the wealth, then located in our great
metropolis, should have attracted swindlers from all parts of the globe.

That it should have fallen to the lot of one who has always prided
himself on steering clear of undesirable acquaintances, to introduce to
his friends one of the most notorious adventurers our capital has ever
seen, seems like the irony of fate.  Perhaps, however, if I begin by
showing how cleverly our meeting was contrived, those who would
otherwise feel inclined to censure me, will pause before passing
judgment, and will ask themselves whether they would not have walked
into the snare as unsuspectedly as I did.

It was during the last year of my term of office as Viceroy, and while I
was paying a visit to the Governor of Bombay, that I decided upon making
a tour of the Northern Provinces, beginning with Peshawur, and winding
up with the Maharajah of Malar-Kadir. As the latter potentate is so well
known, I need not describe him.  His forcible personality, his
enlightened rule, and the progress his state has made within the last
ten years, are well known to every student of the history of our
magnificent Indian Empire.

My stay with him was a pleasant finish to an otherwise monotonous
business, for his hospitality has a world-wide reputation.  When I
arrived he placed his palace, his servants, and his stables at my
disposal to use just as I pleased.  My time was practically my own.  I
could be as solitary as a hermit if I so desired; on the other hand, I
had but to give the order, and five hundred men would cater for my
amusement. It seems therefore the more unfortunate that to this pleasant
arrangement I should have to attribute the calamities which it is the
purpose of this series of stories to narrate.

On the third morning of my stay I woke early. When I had examined my
watch I discovered that it wanted an hour of daylight, and, not feeling
inclined to go to sleep again, I wondered how I should employ my time
until my servant should bring me my _chota hazri_, or early breakfast.
On proceeding to my window I found a perfect morning, the stars still
shining, though in the east they were paling before the approach of
dawn.  It was difficult to realize that in a few hours the earth which
now looked so cool and wholesome would be lying, burnt up and quivering,
beneath the blazing Indian sun.

I stood and watched the picture presented to me for some minutes, until
an overwhelming desire came over me to order a horse and go for a long
ride before the sun should make his appearance above the jungle trees.
The temptation was more than I could resist, so I crossed the room and,
opening the door, woke my servant, who was sleeping in the ante-chamber.
Having bidden him find a groom and have a horse saddled for me, without
rousing the household, I returned and commenced my toilet.  Then,
descending by a private staircase to the great courtyard, I mounted the
animal I found awaiting me there, and set off.

Leaving the city behind me I made my way over the new bridge with which
His Highness has spanned the river, and, crossing the plain, headed
towards the jungle, that rises like a green wall upon the other side.
My horse was a _waler_ of exceptional excellence, as every one who knows
the Maharajah’s stable will readily understand, and I was just in the
humor for a ride.  But the coolness was not destined to last long, for
by the time I had left the second village behind me, the stars had given
place to the faint grey light of dawn.  A soft, breeze stirred the palms
and rustled the long grass, but its freshness was deceptive; the sun
would be up almost before I could look round, and then nothing could
save us from a scorching day.

After I had been riding for nearly an hour it struck me that, if I
wished to be back in time for breakfast, I had better think of
returning.  At the time I was standing in the center of a small plain,
surrounded by jungle.  Behind me was the path I had followed to reach
the place; in front, and to the right and left, others leading whither I
could not tell.  Having no desire to return by the road I had come, I
touched up my horse and cantered off in an easterly direction, feeling
certain that even if I had to make a divergence, I should reach the city
without very much trouble.

By the time I had put three miles or so behind me the heat had become
stifling, the path being completely shut in on either side by the
densest jungle I have ever known.  For all I could see to the contrary,
I might have been a hundred miles from any habitation.

Imagine my astonishment, therefore, when, on turning a corner of the
track, I suddenly left the jungle behind me, and found myself standing
on the top of a stupendous cliff, looking down upon a lake of blue
water.  In the center of this lake was an island, and on the island a
house.  At the distance I was from it the latter appeared to be built of
white marble, as indeed I afterward found to be the case.  Anything,
however, more lovely than the effect produced by the blue water, the
white building, and the jungle-clad hills upon the other side, can
scarcely be imagined. I stood and gazed at it in delighted amazement.
Of all the beautiful places I had hitherto seen in India this, I could
honestly say, was entitled to rank first. But how it was to benefit me
in my present situation I could not for the life of me understand.

Ten minutes later I had discovered a guide, and also a path down the
cliff to the shore, where, I was assured, a boat and a man could be
obtained to transport me to the palace.  I therefore bade my informant
precede me, and after some minutes’ anxious scrambling my horse and I
reached the water’s edge.

Once there, the boatman was soon brought to light, and, when I had
resigned my horse to the care of my guide, I was rowed across to the
mysterious residence in question.

On reaching it we drew up at some steps leading to a broad stone
esplanade, which, I could see, encircled the entire place.  Out of a
grove of trees rose the building itself, a confused jumble of Eastern
architecture crowned with many towers.  With the exception of the
vegetation and the blue sky, everything was of a dazzling white, against
which the dark green of palms contrasted with admirable effect.

Springing from the boat I made my way up the steps, imbued with much the
same feeling of curiosity as the happy Prince, so familiar to us in our
nursery days, must have experienced when he found the enchanted castle
in the forest.  As I reached the top, to my unqualified astonishment, an
English man-servant appeared through a gate-way and bowed before me.

"Breakfast is served," he said, "and my master bids me say that he waits
to receive your lordship."

Though I thought he must be making a mistake, I said nothing, but
followed him along a terrace, through a magnificent gateway, on the top
of which a peacock was preening himself in the sunlight, through court
after court, all built of the same white marble, through a garden in
which a fountain was playing to the rustling accompaniment of pipal and
pomegranate leaves, to finally enter the veranda of the main building
itself.

Drawing aside the curtain which covered the finely-carved doorway, the
servant invited me to enter, and as I did so announced "His Excellency
the Viceroy."

The change from the vivid whiteness of the marble outside to the cool
semi-European room in which I now found myself was almost disconcerting
in its abruptness.  Indeed, I had scarcely time to recover my presence
of mind before I became aware that my host was standing before me.
Another surprise was in store for me.  I had expected to find a native,
instead of which he proved to be an Englishman.

"I am more indebted than I can say to your Excellency for the honor of
this visit," he began, as he extended his hand.  "I can only wish I were
better prepared for it."

"You must not say that," I answered.  "It is I who should apologize.  I
fear I am an intruder.  But to tell you the truth I had lost my way, and
it is only by chance that I am here at all.  I was foolish to venture
out without a guide, and have none to blame for what has occurred but
myself."

"In this case I must thank the Fates for their kindness to me," returned
my host.  "But don’t let me keep you standing.  You must be both tired
and hungry after your long ride, and breakfast, as you see, is upon the
table.  Shall we show ourselves sufficiently blind to the
conventionalities to sit down to it without further preliminaries?"

Upon my assenting he struck a small gong at his side, and servants,
acting under the instructions of the white man who had conducted me to
his master’s presence, instantly appeared in answer to it.  We took our
places at the table, and the meal immediately commenced.

While it was in progress I was permitted an excellent opportunity of
studying my host, who sat opposite me, with such light as penetrated the
_jhilmills_ falling directly upon his face.  I doubt, however, vividly
as my memory recalls the scene, whether I can give you an adequate
description of the man who has since come to be a sort of nightmare to
me.

In height he could not have been more than five feet two.  His shoulders
were broad, and would have been evidence of considerable strength but
for one malformation, which completely spoilt his whole appearance.  The
poor fellow suffered from curvature of the spine of the worst sort, and
the large hump between his shoulders produced a most extraordinary
effect.  But it is when I endeavor to describe his face that I find
myself confronted with the most serious difficulty.

How to make you realize it I hardly know.

To begin with, I do not think I should be overstepping the mark were I
to say that it was one of the most beautiful countenances I have ever
seen in my fellow-men.  Its contour was as perfect as that of the bust
of the Greek god Hermes, to whom, all things considered, it is only fit
and proper he should bear some resemblance.  The forehead was broad, and
surmounted with a wealth of dark hair, in color almost black.  His eyes
were large and dreamy, the brows almost pencilled in their delicacy; the
nose, the most prominent feature of his face, reminded me more of that
of the great Napoleon than any other I can recall.

His mouth was small but firm, his ears as tiny as those of an English
beauty, and set in closer to his head than is usual with those organs.
But it was his chin that fascinated me most.  It was plainly that of a
man accustomed to command; that of a man of iron will whom no amount of
opposition would deter from his purpose.  His hands were small and
delicate, and his fingers taper, plainly those of the artist, eitherhe answered.  "You see it has been the hobby of
my life.  And it is to the fact that I am now engaged upon a book upon
the subject, which I hope to have published in England next year, that
you may attribute my playing the hermit here."

"You intend, then, to visit England?"

"If my book is finished in time," he answered, "I shall be in London at
the end of April or the commencement of May.  Who would not wish to be
in the chief city of Her Majesty’s dominions upon such a joyous and
auspicious occasion?"

As he said this he took down a small vase from a shelf, and, as if to
change the subject, described its history and its beauties to me.  A
stranger picture than he presented at that moment it would be difficult
to imagine.  His long fingers held his treasure as carefully as if it
were an invaluable jewel, his eyes glistened with the fire of the true
collector, who is born but never made, and when he came to that part of
his narrative which described the long hunt for, and the eventual
purchase of, the ornament in question, his voice fairly shook with
excitement.  I was more interested than at any other time I should have
thought possible, and it was then that I committed the most foolish
action of my life.  Quite carried away by his charm I said:

"I hope when you _do_ come to London, you will permit me to be of any
service I can to you."

"I thank you," he answered gravely, "our lordshiance he was exactly what a body servant should be, of
medium height, scrupulously neat, clean shaven, and with a face as
devoid of expression as a blank wall.  When he had left the room again
my host immediately turned to me.

"Now," he said, "as you have seen my collection, will you like to
explore the palace?"

To this proposition I gladly assented, and we set off together.  An hour
later, satiated with the beauty of what I had seen, and feeling as if I
had known the man beside me all my life, I bade him good-bye upon the
steps and prepared to return to the spot where my horse was waiting for
me.

"One of my servants will accompany you," he said, "and will conduct you
to the city."

"I am greatly indebted to you," I answered. "Should I not see you
before, I hope you will not forget your promise to call upon me either
in Calcutta, before we leave, or in London next year."  He smiled in a
peculiar way.

"You must not think me so blind to my own interests as to forget your
kind offer," he replied.  "It is just possible, however, that I may be
in Calcutta before you leave."

"I shall hope to see you then," I said, and having shaken him by the
hand, stepped into the boat which was waiting to convey me across.

Within an hour I was back once more to the palace, much to the
satisfaction of the Maharajah and my staff, to whom my absence had been
the cause of considerable anxiety.

It was not until the evening that I found a convenient opportunity, and
was able to question His Highness about his strange _protégé_.  He
quickly told me all there was to know about him.  His name, it appeared,
was Simon Carne.  He was an Englishman and had been a great traveller.
On a certain memorable occasion he had saved His Highness’ life at the
risk of his own, and ever since that time a close intimacy had existed
between them.  For upwards of three years the man in question had
occupied a wing of the island palace, going away for months at a time
presumably in search of specimens for his collection, and returning when
he became tired of the world. To the best of His Highness’ belief he was
exceedingly wealthy, but on this subject little was known.  Such was all
I could learn about the mysterious individual I had met earlier in the
day.

Much as I wanted to do so, I was unable to pay another visit to the
palace on the lake.  Owing to pressing business, I was compelled to
return to Calcutta as quickly as possible.  For this reason it was
nearly eight months before I saw or heard anything of Simon Carne again.
When I _did_ meet him we were in the midst of our preparations for
returning to England.  I had been for a ride, I remember, and was in the
act of dismounting from my horse, when an individual came down the steps
and strolled towards me. I recognized him instantly as the man in whom I
had been so much interested in Malar-Kadir.  He was now dressed in
fashionable European attire, but there was no mistaking his face.  I
held out my hand.

"How do you do, Mr. Carne?" I cried.  "This is an unexpected pleasure.
Pray how long have you been in Calcutta?"

"I arrived last night," he answered, "and leave to-morrow morning for
Burma.  You see, I have taken your Excellency at your word."

"I am very pleased to see you," I replied.  "I have the liveliest
recollection of your kindness to me the day that I lost my way in the
jungle.  As you are leaving so soon, I fear we shall not have the
pleasure of seeing much of you, but possibly you can dine with us this
evening?"

"I shall be very glad to do so," he answered simply, watching me with
his wonderful eyes, which somehow always reminded me of those of a
collie.

"Her ladyship is devoted to Indian pottery and brass work," I said, "and
she would never forgive me if I did not give her an opportunity of
consulting you upon her collection."

"I shall be very proud to assist in any way I can," he answered.

"Very well, then, we shall meet at eight.  Good-bye."

That evening we had the pleasure of his society at dinner, and I am
prepared to state that a more interesting guest has never sat at a
vice-regal table. My wife and daughters fell under his spell as quickly
as I had done.  Indeed, the former told me afterwards that she
considered him the most uncommon man she had met during her residence in
the East, an admission scarcely complimentary to the numerous important
members of my council who all prided themselves upon their originality.
When he said good-bye we had extorted his promise to call upon us in
London, and I gathered later that my wife was prepared to make a lion of
him when he should put in an appearance.

How he _did_ arrive in London during the first week of the following
May; how it became known that he had taken Porchester House, which, as
every one knows, stands at the corner of Belverton Street and Park Lane,
for the season, at an enormous rental; how he furnished it superbly,
brought an army of Indian servants to wait upon him, and was prepared to
astonish the town with his entertainments, are matters of history.  I
welcomed him to England, and he dined with us on the night following his
arrival, and thus it was that we became, in a manner of speaking, his
sponsors in Society.  When one looks back on that time, and remembers
how vigorously, even in the midst of all that season’s gaiety, our
social world took him up, the fuss that was made of him, the manner in
which his doings were chronicled by the Press, it is indeed hard to
realize how egregiously we were all being deceived.

During the months of June and July he was to be met at every house of
distinction.  Even royalty permitted itself to become on foom. Carne turned to greet him impatiently.

"Come, come, Belton," he said, "we must be quick. It is twenty minutes
to twelve, and if we don’t hurry the folk next door will become
impatient.  Have you succeeded in doing what I spoke to you about last
night?"

"I have done everything, sir."

"I am glad to hear it.  Now lock that door and let us get to work.  You
can let me have your news while I am dressing."

Opening one side of the massive wardrobe, that completely filled one end
of the room, Belton took from it a number of garments.  They included a
well-worn velvet coat, a baggy pair of trousers--so old that only a
notorious pauper or a millionaire could have afforded to wear them--a
flannel waistcoat, a Gladstone collar, a soft silk tie, and a pair of
embroidered carpet slippers upon which no old clothes man in the most
reckless way of business in Petticoat Lane would have advanced a single
half-penny. Into these he assisted his master to change.

"Now give me the wig, and unfasten the straps of this hump," said Carne,
as the other placed the garments just referred to upon a neighboring
chair.

Belton did as he was ordered and then there happened a thing the like of
which no one would have believed.  Having unbuckled a strap on either
shoulder, and slipped his hand beneath the waistcoat, he withdrew a
large papier-mâché hump, which he carried away and carefully placed in a
drawer eo
only half a length away.  As they passed the mile post Young Romeo shot
to the front, but it soon became evident he had not come to stay.  Good
horse as he was, there was a better catching him hand over fist.  The
pace was all that could be desired, and when Knight of Malta swept past
the group, winner of the trial by more than his own length, the
congratulations Simon Carne received were as cordial as he could
possibly desire.

"What did I tell you, sir?" said Bent, with a smile of satisfaction upon
his face.  "You see what a good horse he is.  There’s no mistake about
that."

"Well, let us hope he will do as well a week hence," Carne replied
simply, as he replaced his glasses in their case.

"Amen to that," remarked Lord Orpington.

"And now, gentlemen," said the trainer, "if you will allow me, I will
drive you over to my place to breakfast."

They took their places in the carriage once more, and Bent having taken
the reins, in a few moments they were bowling along the high-road
towards a neat modern residence standing on a slight eminence on the
edge of the Downs.  This was the trainer’s own place of abode, the
stables containing his many precious charges lying a hundred yards or so
to the rear.

They were received on the threshold by the trainer’s wife, who welcomed
them most heartily to Merford. The keen air of the Downs had sharpened
their appetites, and when they sat down with, there is the Duchess of Wiltshire’s necklace.  Ah,
your eyes light up; you have heard of it?"

"I have," she answered, her voice trembling with excitement.  "Who has
not?"

"It is the finest thing of its kind in Europe, if not in the world," he
went on slowly, as if to allow time for his words to sink in.  "It
consists of three hundred stones, and is worth, apart from its historic
value, at least fifty thousand pounds."

He saw her hands tighten on the cushions upon which she sat.

"Fifty thousand pounds!  That is five lacs of rupees?"

"Exactly!  Five lacs of rupees, a king’s ransom," he answered.  "But
that is not all.  There will be twice as much to be had for the taking
when once I get there.  Find me the money I want, and those stones shall
be your property."

"How much _do_ you want?"

"The value of the necklace," he answered.  "Fifty thousand pounds."

"It is a large sum," she said, "and it will be difficult to find."

He smiled, as if her words were a joke and should be treated as such.

"The interest will be good," he answered.

"But are you certain of obtaining it?" she asked.

"Have I ever failed yet?" he replied.

"You have done wonderful things, certainly.  But this time you are
attempting so much."

"The greater the glory!" he answered.  "I have prepared my plans, and I
shall not fail.  This is going to be the greatest undertaking of my
life.  If it comee
lid. Accustomed as Carne had all his life been to the sight of gems,
what he then saw before him almost took his breath away.  The inside of
the box, both sides and bottom, was quilted with the softest Russia
leather, and on this luxurious couch reposed the famous necklace.  The
fire of the stones when the light caught them was sufficient to dazzle
the eyes, so fierce was it As Carne could see, every gem was perfect of
its kind, and there were no fewer than three hundred of them.  The
setting was a fine example of the jeweller’s art, and last, but not
least, the value of the whole affair was fifty thousand pounds, a mere
flea-bite to the man who had given it to his wife, but a fortune to any
humbler person.

"And now that you have seen my property, what do you think of it?" asked
the Duchess as she watched her visitor’s face.

"It is very beautiful," he answered, "and I do not wonder that you are
proud of it.  Yes, the diamonds are very fine, but I think it is their
abiding-place that fascinates me more.  Have you any objection to my
measuring it?"

"Pray do so, if it’s likely to be of any assistance to you," replied Her
Grace.

Carne thereupon produced a small ivory rule, ran it over the box, and
the figures he thus obtained he jotted down in his pocket-book.

Ten minutes later, when the case had been returned to the safe, he
thanked the Duchess for her kindness and took his deparfficient to stay the panic, and when he had snapped up
two or three long bets, which a few moments before had been going
begging, the horse began steadily to rise towards his old position.

That night, when Belton waited upon his master at bedtime, he found him,
if possible more silent than usual.  It was not until his work was
well-nigh completed that the other spoke.

"It’s a strange thing Belton," he said, "and you may hardly believe it,
but if there were not certain reasons to prevent me from being so
magnanimous I would give this matter up, and let the race be run on its
merits.  I don’t know that I ever took a scheme in hand with a worse
grace.  However, as it can’t be helped, I suppose I must go through with
it.  Is the van prepared?"

"It is quite ready, sir."

"All the furniture arranged as I directed?"

"It is exactly as you wished, sir.  I have attended to it myself."

"And what about the man?"

"I have engaged the young fellow, sir, who assisted me before.  I know
he’s quick, and I can stake my life he’s trustworthy."

"I am glad to hear it.  He will have need to be. Now for my
arrangements.  I shall make the attempt on Friday morning next, that is
to say, two days from now.  You and the man you have just mentioned will
take the van and horses to Market Stopford, travelling by the goods
train which, I have discovered, reaches the town between four and five
in the mWhat’s ’e been an’ done?"

"The horse has bolted with him off the Downs, back yonder," answered the
man.  "The guv’nor has sent us out in all directions to look for him."

"Sorry we can’t oblige you," said the driver as he prepared to start his
team again.  "Good-day to you."

"Much obliged," said the horseman, and, when he had turned off into a
side road, the van continued its journey till it reached the railway
station.  A quarter of an hour later it caught the eleven o’clock goods
train and set off for the small seaside town of Barworth, on the south
coast, where it was shipped on board a steamer which had arrived that
morning from London.

Once it was safely transferred from the railway truck to the deck, Carne
was accosted by a tall, swarthy individual, who, from his importance,
seemed to be both the owner and the skipper of the vessel. They went
down into the saloon together, and a few moments later an observer, had
one been there, might have seen a cheque for a considerable sum of money
change hands.

An hour later the _Jessie Branker_ was steaming out to sea, and a
military-looking individual, not at all to be compared with the
industrious mechanic who had shipped the furniture van on board the
vessel bound for Spain, stood on the platform of the station waiting for
the express train to London.  On reaching the metropolis he discovered
it surging beneath the weight of a  them to provide
him with a meal.  For upwards of an hour he remained talking with the
lads, and then wended his way down the hill towards the village, where
he further managed to induce the rector to permit him to occupy one of
his outhouses for the night.

After tea he went out and sat on the green, but towards eight o’clock he
crossed the stream at the ford, and made his way up to a little copse,
which ornamented a slight eminence, on the opposite side of the village
to that upon which the training stables were situated.

How he found his way, considering his infirmity, it is difficult to say,
but that he did find it was proved by his presence there.  It might also
have been noticed that when he was once under cover of the bushes he
gave up tapping the earth with his stick, and walked straight enough,
and without apparent hesitation, to the stump of a tree upon which he
seated himself.

For some time he enjoyed the beauty of the evening undisturbed by the
presence of any other human being.  Then he heard a step behind him and
next moment a smart-looking stable lad parted the bushes and came into
view.

"Hullo," said the new-comer.  "So you managed to get here first?"

"So I have," said the old rascal, "and it’s wonderful when you come to
think of it, considering my age and what a poor old blind chap I be.
But I’m glad to find ye’ve managed to get away, my lad.  Now what have
ye got to say for yourself?"

"I don’t know that I’ve got anything to say," replied the boy.  "But
this much is certain, what you want can’t be done."

"And a fine young cockerel you are to be sure, to crow so loud that it
can’t be done," said the old fellow, with an evil chuckle.  "How do you
know it can’t?"

"Because I don’t see my way," replied the other. "It’s too dangerous by
a long sight.  Why, if the guv’nor was to get wind of what you want me
to do, England itself wouldn’t be big enough to hold us both. You don’t
know ’im as well as I do."

"I know him well enough for all practical purposes," replied the beggar.
"Now, if you’ve got any more objections to raise, be quick about it.  If
you haven’t, then I’ll talk to you.  You haven’t?  Very good then.  Now,
just hold your jaw, open your ears, and listen to what I’ve got to say.
What time do you go to exercise to-morrow morning?"

"Nine o’clock."

"Very good then.  You go down on to the Downs, and the boss sends you
off with Vulcanite for a canter. What do you do?  Why, you go steadily
enough as long as he can see you, but directly you’re round on the other
side of the hill you stick in your heels, and nip into the wood that
runs along on your right hand, just as if your horse was bolting with
you.  Once in there, you go through for a half-a-mile until you come to
the stream, ford that, and then cut ine myself could be so dense as not to guess why
few save Irishmen visited our house, and why at times there were men
staying with us for weeks at a time, who lived in the back rooms and
never went outside our front door, and who, when they did take their
departure, sneaked out in the dead of night.

"I remember a time in the fall of the last year that I was at home, when
there were more meetings than ever, and when these men, Maguire and
Rooney, almost lived with us.  They and my father were occupied day and
night in a room at the top of the house, and then, in the January
following, Maguire came to England.  Three weeks later the papers were
full of a terrible dynamite explosion in London, in which forty innocent
people lost their lives.  Mr. Klimo, you must imagine for yourself the
terror and shame that seized me, particularly when I remembered that my
father was a companion of the men who had been concerned in it.

"Now my father repents, and they are edging him on to some fresh
outrage.  I cannot tell you what it is, but I know this, that if Maguire
and Rooney are coming to England, something awful is about to happen,
and if they distrust him, and there is any chance of any one getting
into trouble, my father will be made the scapegoat.

"To run away from them would be to court certain death.  They have
agents in almost every European city, and, unless we could get right
away to the other s